c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceForInsert\WcfServiceForInsert\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceForInsert\WcfServiceForInsert\bin\WcfServiceForInsert.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceForInsert\WcfServiceForInsert\bin\WcfServiceForInsert.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceForInsert\WcfServiceForInsert\bin\WcfServiceForInsert.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceForInsert\WcfServiceForInsert\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceForInsert\WcfServiceForInsert\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceForInsert\WcfServiceForInsert\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceForInsert\WcfServiceForInsert\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceForInsert\WcfServiceForInsert\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceForInsert\WcfServiceForInsert\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceForInsert\WcfServiceForInsert\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceForInsert\WcfServiceForInsert\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceForInsert\WcfServiceForInsert\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceForInsert\WcfServiceForInsert\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceForInsert\WcfServiceForInsert\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceForInsert\WcfServiceForInsert\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceForInsert\WcfServiceForInsert\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceForInsert\WcfServiceForInsert\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceForInsert\WcfServiceForInsert\obj\Debug\WcfServiceForInsert.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceForInsert\WcfServiceForInsert\obj\Debug\WcfServiceForInsert.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WcfServiceForInsert\WcfServiceForInsert\obj\Debug\WcfServiceForInsert.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
